## Final conlusions
After spending several months of data collection and analysis, these are my final conclusions. 

Are there any correlations between a brand having clean products and another other date in the date set? No. The results overwhelmingly point to almost zero correlation between the variables for both Ulta and Sephora. Both the correlation matrix and regression analysis found that none of the variables had any type of significant relationship between one another. While in an ideal world, I would have liked to use this data to be able to make predictions. Since there is not correlations or sigificant relationships, I cannot make an accurate model using this data. 

While it is disappoint that the results indicate no strong correlations, there are still facts learned from this analysis. The big one being that Sephora has 63% female owner brands while Ulta has 53%. In addition, Sephora has 21% of brands owned by a minority while Ulta has 19%. It is important to keep in mind that Sephora carries half the number of total brands that Ulta does. Some explanations of this gap are brands that were founded in the late 1800s or early 1900s still being around and sold at Ulta. These brands are often skincare or makeup products. At that time, it is clear that the owner of the brand would unlikely be a women or minority. Brands founded before 1990 only had 41 female founders and 14 minorites. There are 410 brands founded after 1990 which have an average of 62% of female founders and 22% minorities. This shows that the outliers and older brands skewed the data. Looking at Sephora, the number of brands founded by females prior to 1990 was only 14 and minorities 8. The percent of brands that are female owner and founded after 1990 make up 70% of brands. For minorities, its 23%. From these results, it is clear that Sephora tends to have more female and minority owned brands than Ulta. This does not mean that one is inherently bad and one is inherently good. As a consumer, you vote with your dollar. Both brands have a varity of different brands and products. If you feeel strongly about supporting a brands that is owned by a women or minority, both stores have brands that meet this requirement. Sephora simply has more. If this is not a determining factor for you, then that is fine too. 

For the clean aspect, by having no correlation or relationship between any of the variables, this shows that that likelihood of any given brands having clean products is equally likely. All the variables are independent of one another. This means we can perform a Baysian analyis. The probability that a brand is clean given that they are female owned for Ulta is 23%. The probability that a brand is clean given that the owner is a minority for Ulta is 21%. While these numbers are not high, there could be underlying explainations for this that are missing from my data set. Looking at Sephora, the probability that a brand is clean given that the owner is female is 36%. The probability that a brand is clean given that the owner is a minority is 33%. While both of these number are fairly low, it is important to remember that more data is needed to fully understand why. 

If I were to further this investigation, there are a few data points I would need to get. I would like to know more about the sales for each individual product for each brand. I would want to compare the sales of non clean products to the clean ones. If sales from non clean products is doing better that clean, it would be important to investigate further into why this is. Are they too expensive? Do consumers not trust the products? Are the products less effective? All these questions are relevant to understanding consumer behavior and it is important to know what the customers want and don't want. Additionally, I would want to explore the customer reviews on all products accross all brands for both Ulta and Sephora. This could be done through web scrapping but it is not a trivial problem. With this data, I would want to find the average star ratings for clean products versus non clean products. I'd also like to analyize the sentiment of the reviews for each product. 

Every day, it is becoming more and more clear that brand are veering towards having clean products that are both good for humans and the enviroment. It is up to the consumer to vote with their dollar to decide which brands to support or not support. While there is no clear pattern in order to predict whether a brand will be clean or not, we are seeing a steady increase throughout the years that suggest that more brands will emerge with more clean products.
