# Beauty-Brands-Analysis
This is my personal Project.
I am researching beauty brands from Sephora and Ulta. The goal of my research is to understand both how various aspects of a brand correlate to one another and how those variables correlate for the likeliness that a brand is clean or carries clean product. Sephora caries over 300 brands and Ulta carries over 600. Both retailer are the primary source of makeup or beauty product purchases for the average consumer. Both of these stores state that they wish to promote diversity and inclusivity in the brands that they sell. They also promote brands and products under the label "clean". Clean means that the product is both good for humans and the environment. These are products that are free from synthetic ingredients or chemicals. 

As more and more brands try to get cleaner, I want to know if there are any patterns associated with the available data about the brand via Sephora and Ultas website along with Google search. The variables I am examining are the owners, year the brand was founded, the number of products, the types of products, and whether the brand carries clean products. Sephora's website also states the number of clean products. Ulta only has a master list of all the brands that are clean. In regards to the owner, I will extract from Google who all the owners of the brand are and note if they are either female or minority. This is simply to understand the owners better and not to make any judgement about the owners. It is more to understand the beauty industry better and therefore understand the final outcome better. Additionally, Sephora and Ulta made pledges that they would showcase more minority owned brands along with female owner brands. I'd like to see the outcome of those promises. Year founded is also extracted from Google search. The rest of the data is collected through webscrapping using R Studio. Everything from the two websites can be scrapped.

Once the data is fully collected, all data analysis will be conducted through Python and any conclusions will be made after. 

Final conclusions can be found in the Conclusions.md document in the files. This is an informal report of my findings. If you wish to see an example of my formal reports, please check out my other projects on my github.
